welcome to hoops in the reversion of the lg
optimus l 5
the first LG smartphone to have the
version of android 4.0 ice cream sanwich
nfc technology
and in this first smartphone it seems that
has surprised us by the price and by
the characteristics
features a screen of 4
inch resolution hvga
then we have a capacitive button and two
tactile
here I already 35 millimeters for the
audio the unlock button block and
turn off the microphone and charging slot
that we have as surprise here in a
side there is nothing
and here in this other there are the keys of the
volume
the truth that is very well done is very
fine very fine fine camera 5
megapixels with led flash
it means a lot for this March
quite good 4 inches
let's unlock what is
you see
in three dimensions
in this interface a little personalized
of lg for this version of android 4.0
that seems to be very good
and that we see in 4.0
we see new things the bar
notifications change if we slide
we remove the notification we can activate
from the panel the connections
wireless
the application menu and then
the downloads and widgets that we do
well and we put it where we want but
in this case we do not want
what else do we have
in the example application menu
new applications for ice cream
sanwich example the d
YouTube application
new in 4.0 much improved
very well made
vodafone example everything changes 1 trial
phone interface to call has
radically changed
of gingerbread is writing sandwiches
good that we leave it